How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Diff is great tool for finding out the differences between files.
It is a tidious work to find the differences manually.
By using diff tool we can easily find out the differences without much effort.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
If you want to refer some old code it can be done easily.
Also if you have any bug we can track all the changes that has made to current version by comparing previous
versoin of files
We cab easily revert back to previous code as entire history is saved.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros:
Manually creating a commit provide porgrammer the choice when to commit as he knows when a logical part is completed rather
than saving some functionally not logical code or code which cannot be compiled.
Cons:
Sometimes we may be forgetful and bulk up the commit size

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git is mainly used for code and many files are interrelated so we need to see the changes to all files at once to make sense of 
the change whereas two google docs are seldom related.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
git log will gives all the commits and we can see use git diff to see all the chanes made in a commit from previous commit

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
So even if a make a change and introduces bug, I can safely go back to the working code and using git diff I can figure out the bug

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I can use create for all my upcoming projects
